Tornado Attack - Regular tornado attacks the enemie. 
Fire Flame - One Flame of fire attacks the enemie. 
Fire Bomb- One Ball of fire attacks the enemie. 
Fire Bombs - Multiple Balls of fire attacks the enemie. 
Fire Storm - Lines of Fire attacks from the sky at the enemie. 
Fire Tornado - A tornado of fire attacks the enemie. 
Fire Earthquake - Fire balls come from beneath the ground. 
Fire Clone - A clone that when hits exploeds. 
Fire meteor - A big fire ball falls from the sky. 
Ice Strike - One ice line attacks the enemie. 
Ice Ball - One ball of ice attacks the enemie. 
Ice Balls - Multiple Balls of ice attacks the enemie. 
Ice Storm - Lines of Ice attacks the enemie from the sky. 
Ice Tornado - A tornado full of sharp ice shards attacks the enemie. 
Ice Earthquake - Ice attacks the enemie from beneath the ground. 
Ice Freeze - ice attack that freezes the enemy for x seconds. 
Ice Meteor - big ball of liquid ice falls from the sky. 
Lightning Strike - Lightning comes from user and attacks the enemie. 
Lightning Ball - A Ball of lightning attacks the enemie 
Lighting Balls - Multiple balls of lightning attacks the enemie. 
Lightning Storm - Lightning strikes down from the sky at the enemie. 
Lightning tornado - A tornado of lightning attacks the enemie. 
Lightning Earthquake- Lighting attacks the enemie from beneath the ground. 
Water bomb: upon impact this condensd ball of water sends everything in the area flying. 
water meteor: Big ball of condensed water that sends everything in a large area flying. 
wind bomb: umon impact this condensed air explodes sending out waves of sharp air that cut stuff. 
Wind meteor: Big spere of compressed air that upon impact sends sharp air waves though out a large area. 
miasma bomb: a ball of poisonis gass is launched and explodes releasing poisonus gas. 
Sand/Ice/Earth Prison - Target is captured for X seconds, broken if attacked 
Water/Fire/Lightning Stream - X number of hits to target...?must be near a body of water/something on fire? 
fire whirl: similar to kaiten... exept with fire. 
Flash Attack - Turns the screen into a flash allowing the enemy to retreat.